Is President Shangguan from the Shangguan Group in Beijing?
That's right, hahaha.
Don't make me laugh
Not to mention whether President Shangguan will help you
Do you know who that is?
He is Xiao Shao's fiancee
Of course I know.
I know who is still talking big to scare?
I said no.
I'll know if he comes or not.
Don't play tricks on our feet here
I don't like listening to your nonsense
The security guard threw him out for me to go to work
Why did the previous life really come?
Get out of here!
Is it a coincidence?
How could they possibly be?
Let me explain.
Haha, I said it was a coincidence.
You see, he's ignoring you.
How long are you going to lie?
Son of Heaven, didn't you ask me to take you to the auction?
What are you still standing there for?